This directory contains a number of small sample programs and MUSIC
configuration files.  Each configuration file (with file extension
.music) is used to launch a set of programs in a multi-simulation.
The configuration file variable "binary" tells MUSIC which program to
launch.  Please make sure that such programs exist before you launch
the simulation.

It is possible to build each program in the standard way for your MPI
distribution.  You also need to link with the MUSIC library.  This is
how to build (if it wasn't already built for you automatically) the
program `clocksource' used in the configuration file contclock.music
under OpenMPI:

  mpicxx clocksource.cc -lmusic

* Demos

demo.music
   Random spikes are generated from a 3-process application and
   sent to a graphics visualizer.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music demo.music


demolarge.music
   Similar to demo.music, but running a larger example on more
   processors.  20 processes are started by this demo.

   $ mpirun -np 20 music demolarge.music


* Event communication

events.music
   Spikes are sent from a sending to a receiving application.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music events.music


fork.music
   Spikes are sent from one sender to two receiving applications.

   $ mpirun -np 6 music fork.music


chain.music
   Spikes are sent from one sender (running in two processes) to
   a receiver via an intermediate application which serves as a delay.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music chain.music


loop.music
   Spikes are sent into a loop of two mutually interconnected
   applications tha both delay and then pass spikes on.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music loop.music


* Continuous communication

const.music
   A constant array of data is sent to a distributed receiving application.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music const.music


contclock.music
   The current simulation time is sent as a test output from one
   application and received by another.

   $ mpirun -np 2 music contclock.music


cloop.music
   The time signal is sent into a delay loop where values are
   gradually accumulated.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music cloop.music


wavetest.music
   Send sinusoidal waves from one distributes application
   to another.  The receiving application writes the result
   in files named dumpfile0.out, dumpfile1.out and dumpfile2.out.

   $ mpirun -np 7 music wavetest.music


* Message communication

messages.music
   Messages are sent from a sending to a receiving application.

   $ mpirun -np 4 music messages.music
